RFC: Add RMT RX module. (#18454)
micropython/micropython: docs/library/esp32.rst

    rx.active(1)
    while True:
        data = rx.get_data()
        if data is not None:
            print(data)
            binary = map(lambda hi, lo: abs(hi) > abs(lo) and "1" or "0", data[0:48:2], data[1:48:2])
            binary = "".join(binary)
            print("Code is", int(binary, 2))
            break
    rx.active(0)

Assuming Pin 14 is connected to a 315/433MHz OOK receiver like a SYN480R, the code
above can discriminate a signal that is likely coming from an EV1527 keyfob.
The output would be something like::

    [397, -995, 1058, -312, 1059, -312, 379, -995, 379, ... ] # 49 items
    Code is 6455248

This type of keyfob transmits a pulse train, delimited by long preambles
(detected by *max_ns*) and composed of 49 level transitions (filtered by
*soft_min_len* and *soft_max_len*), the length of each pulse being between 300µs and 1100µs
(loosely filtered by *min_ns*, *soft_min_ns* and *soft_max_ns*).

For more details see Espressif's `ESP-IDF RMT documentation.
<https://docs.espressif.com/projects/esp-idf/en/latest/api-reference/peripherals/rmt.html>`_.

.. Warning::
   The current MicroPython RMT implementation lacks some features.

>    RMT should be considered a *beta feature* and the interface may change in the future.

Reviewer: I reckon we can probably drop this now, the RMT TX has been beta for a long time and the RX support will now be added: :tada:

              a specific RMT channel number for the bitstream, but the channel number is now assigned
              dynamically.

.. class:: RMTRX(pin=None, num_symbols=64, min_ns, max_ns, resolution_hz, soft_min_len=0, soft_max_len=0x7fffffff, soft_min_ns=0, soft_max_ns=0x7fffffff)

    This class provides access to one of the eight RMT channels.

    *pin* is required and configures which Pin is bound to the RMT channel.

    *num_symbols* specifies the RMT buffer allocated for this channel (minimum 64),
    from a small pool of 512 symbols that are shared by all channels. This buffer does not limit the
    size of the pulse train that you can receive, but bigger buffers reduce the
    CPU load and the potential of glitches/imprecise pulse lengths.

    *min_ns* is required and specifies the minimum pulse width considered valid.

>     Pulses shorter than *min_ns* don't close the RMT transaction, they are simply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Pulses shorter than *min_ns* nanoseconds are filtered out and ignored.
```

    filtered out.
    The hardware register that holds *min_ns* is 8-bit, so the maximum valid value is 3187 (255 * 12.5ns).
    If supplied value is too big for the hardware, it will fail when calling ``active(True)``.

    *max_ns* is required and specifies the maximum pulse width considered valid.

>     A pulse longer than *max_ns* closes an RMT transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    A pulse longer than *max_ns* signals the end of a received RMT transaction.
```

    The maximum value is such that (*resolution_hz* * *max_ns*) / 1,000,000,000
    does not exceed 65535 for ESP32/ESP32-S2, or 32767 for ESP32-S3/C3/C6/H2.
    If supplied value is too big for the hardware, it will fail when calling ``active(True)``.

    *resolution_hz* is required and defines the unit of the received samples.
    For example, 1,000,000 means the unit is microsecond. The pulse widths can
    assume values up to *RMTRX.PULSE_MAX*, so this value should be selected
    accordingly to the expected incoming signal.

    The following optional parameters are software filters that may help to overcome the
    limitations of the hardware filters, and are still much faster than filtering at

>     Python level. All values have maximum values of 0x7fffffff:

Reviewer: Do you have any stats on how much better the C-level filtering is? Not for inclusion in the docs, but to justify adding these features into the MicroPython firmware rather than (for example) into an optional micropython-lib module.

    *soft_min_ns* is the minimum pulse width considered valid, in nanoseconds.
    Since *min_ns* ceiling is quite low, *soft_min_ns* allows for a more accurate
    prefiltering of valid pulse widths. Different from *min_ns*, if a pulse shorter
    than *soft_min_ns* is detected, the RMT transaction is cancelled and restarted.

    *soft_max_ns* is the maximum pulse width considered valid, in nanoseconds.
    If a pulse longer than *soft_max_ns* (but shorter than *max_ns*) is detected,
    the RMT transaction is cancelled and restarted. It is useful to filter out
    spurious pulses that are too long to be valid, but too short to signal
    closure.

>     *soft_min_len* is the minimum pulse train length considered valid.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    *soft_min_len* is the minimum pulse train length considered valid. A pulse train shorter than this is
    silently ignored and the RMT transaction restarts.
```

... is that right?
